Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What happened?
The right thing?
I used to know right from wrong.
Life used to feel right.
Kato raised me in the mountain village.
That I called home.
But I found the only friend in my life.
Happiness and love was within reach.
But then the dark dream came.
In the dream, I killed him.
Love was gone, replaced by blood.
Saya-sama!
Then I woke up, and it was not a dream.
Please take your father's sword.
I don't understand...
This sword...
has the power to slay demons.
It is a blessing, and a curse.
You still have much to learn...
However...
We have no more time!
The demons have found us!
Kato...
Kato
Wait here...
And don't come out!
I told you not to follow!
But we need to stick together-
We mustn't!
Kato...
There is no need, I must go alone.
You...
Just what are you planning?
I must complete my mission.
You can't, Kato!
You cannot face the demons yet.
It is my task for now.
Now, go!
Oh I'm very sorry, I didn't notice...
It's been 20 years since we've had people visit, but I hope you'll enjoy your stay.
I also noticed, you won't be needing any help with luggage?
Observant and caring, your wife is a lucky lady.
Yes.
As long you think so.
Shin, my daughter is preparing dinner.
It will be ready soon in the dining room.
I can't believe that!
Sorry!
Why are you still standing there?!
Come out and play my children.
The feeding season has begun.
Can you sense her?
Why are you still standing there?!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org